📝 Update documentation on hybrid apps (#335)
DataDog/dd-sdk-flutter: examples/native-hybrid-app/README.md

### Avoiding "FlutterViewController" and "FlutterActivity" views

> Depending on your settings, the automatic view tracking in the native iOS and Android SDKs will automatically track the presentation of the `FlutterViewController` and `FlutterActivity`/`FlutterFragment` when they appear, and then immediately show a view load for your tracked Flutter view. To avoid seeing the extra `FlutterViewController` and `FlutterActivity` views in your sessions, you need to add a view predicate to filter them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your settings, the automatic view tracking in the native iOS and Android SDKs will automatically track the presentation of the `FlutterViewController` and `FlutterActivity`/`FlutterFragment` when they appear, and then immediately show a view load for your tracked Flutter view. To avoid seeing the extra `FlutterViewController` and `FlutterActivity` views in your sessions, add a view predicate to filter them.
```

> On iOS, create a `UIKitRUMViewsPredicate` to check if the view controller is an instance of FlutterViewController. On iOS 13+, return `nil` from this function and the RUM iOS SDK stops tracking the FlutterViewController and lets the Flutter SDK take over, provided `isModalInPresentation` is set to true. If you are targeting iOS version lower than 13, or `isModalInPresentation` is not set to true, instead return a `RUMView` with the `isUntrackedModal` property set to `true`. This ensures that your previous view is properly restarted. An example of this predicate can be found in the example code in [AppDelegate.swift](ios/iOS%20Flutter%20Hybrid%20Example/AppDelegate.swift)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On iOS, create a `UIKitRUMViewsPredicate` to check if the view controller is an instance of `FlutterViewController`. On iOS 13+, return `nil` from this function and the RUM iOS SDK stops tracking the `FlutterViewController` and lets the Flutter SDK take over, provided `isModalInPresentation` is set to true. If you are targeting iOS version lower than 13, or `isModalInPresentation` is not set to true, instead return a `RUMView` with the `isUntrackedModal` property set to `true`. This ensures that your previous view is properly restarted. An example of this predicate can be found in the example code in [AppDelegate.swift](ios/iOS%20Flutter%20Hybrid%20Example/AppDelegate.swift)
```

> On iOS, create a `UIKitRUMViewsPredicate` to check if the view controller is an instance of FlutterViewController. On iOS 13+, return `nil` from this funciton and the RUM iOS SDK will avoid tracking the FlutterViewController and let the Flutter SDK take over, so long as `isModalInPresentation` is set to true. If you are targeting iOS version lower than 13, or you do not have `isModalInPresentation` set to true, instead return a `RUMView` with the `isUntrackedModal` property set to `true`. This will ensure that your previous view is properly restarted. An example of this predicate can be found in the example code in [AppDelegate.swift](ios/iOS%20Flutter%20Hybrid%20Example/AppDelegate.swift)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On iOS, create a `UIKitRUMViewsPredicate` to check if the view controller is an instance of FlutterViewController. On iOS 13+, return `nil` from this function and the RUM iOS SDK stops tracking the FlutterViewController and lets the Flutter SDK take over, provided `isModalInPresentation` is set to true. If you are targeting iOS version lower than 13, or `isModalInPresentation` is not set to true, instead return a `RUMView` with the `isUntrackedModal` property set to `true`. This ensures that your previous view is properly restarted. An example of this predicate can be found in the example code in [AppDelegate.swift](ios/iOS%20Flutter%20Hybrid%20Example/AppDelegate.swift)
```

> On Android, create a `ComponentPredicate` to check if the Activity is an instance of FlutterActivity. If so, return false from this function to avoid tracking the Activity and let Flutter SDK take over.  An example of this predicate can be found in the example code in [HybridApplication.kt](android/app/src/main/java/com/datadoghq/hybrid_flutter_example/HybridApplication.kt)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On Android, create a `ComponentPredicate` to check if the Activity is an instance of `FlutterActivity`. If so, return false from this function to avoid tracking the Activity and let Flutter SDK take over.  An example of this predicate can be found in the example code in [HybridApplication.kt](android/app/src/main/java/com/datadoghq/hybrid_flutter_example/HybridApplication.kt)
```
